Previously on Ray Donovan...
MICKEY:
This is an all-cash business.
We could knock this place off
real easy.
They got security up the ass,
and that guard is packing.
CHERRY:
He wants me to do him
anytime I can.
Let's say I needed
to turn this off.
What would that be
worth to you?
What if I wanted
more than $5,000?
Let's just go
to Ireland now.
I saved about $40,000.
I'm not taking your money.
You're not a criminal. You
don't have the stomach for it.
I got nothing left.
Terry! This is my son.
He's gonna be our muscle.
You shot him in the middle of
the street in fucking Hollywood.
You don't think this is
gonna come back to you?
Someone shot him
in the middle of Hollywood,
but we don't know who.
Because nobody saw it.
Marvin.
CONOR: You know who did it?
BRIDGET: Yeah.
And Daddy made me lie
to the police.
I need you to get rid
of Cookie Brown.
Arrest him or hurt him.
Hurt him?
He's gonna kill
my fucking daughter!
Mr. Brown is our new client.
COOKIE: I hear somebody
might be shopping a video
of whoever killed 'Lil Homie.
I'll pay whatever they want.
Footage like that
would be worth millions.
Find it.
I'm gonna bring down
the president's appointee
for the head of the FBI.
She has to go, Ray.
You come after her or me,
this goes viral.
COCHRAN:
You let that fuck
record our fucking
private time together?
You're fucking finished.
Tommy?
You want to tell me
why you paid $2 million to have
Sully kill your father?
You don't quit, do you?
KATE:
Did he fuck you up
like he fucked up
your brother?
(gasps)
(crying)
Why are you still worried
about this woman?
She prints what she knows,
we all go to prison.
♪ ♪
Let's do this.
(crowd cheering)
Yes, yes.
How y'all beautiful ladies
doing this afternoon?
Hey, yo, Cook.
Beautiful ladies.
MAN:
Mr. Brown, over here!
(crowd cheering)
(cell phone vibrating)
Yeah.
He just arrived for the service.
Don't let him
out of your sight, Av.
He's going into a church;
what's he gonna do?
Hey.
Did you find it?
Nobody's heard anything
about a video of the murder.
I think it might
just be a rumor.
Not interested
in your opinion.
Just find
the fucking video.
Okay, I'll check
Stalkerazzi again.
How's Bridget doing?
She's all right.
All you need to do
is sign it over.
Are you sure
this is the time?
Yeah, I'm sure.
How bad is it?
It's bad.
Do I need to
close up shop?
Nothing's coming back to you.
You want a hug?
No.
Should I look for a new job?
Wouldn't hurt.
♪ ♪
(Shorty coughing in distance)
(coughing loudly)
That don't sound so good.
Are you all right?
(panting)
Yeah.
Just keeping the oxygen on low.
The fucking tanks
didn't come.
You got to be
fucking kidding me.
This is a major
goddamn fuck up.
Today's the day.
It's all set.
Why didn't you take care
of your goddamn oxygen?
Christ, Mick.
It's a fucking mistake.
(coughing)
Calm down.
Calm down,
calm down.
I'm so sorry, Mick.
Here. Drink that.
I'm so sorry.
(sighs)
All right.
Let me think.
How much does that safe weigh?
Can three guys and
a dolly move it?
Sure.
All right.
So, uh... we get the safe,
come back, grab you,
crack it on the road.
(chuckles)
That can fucking work.
Daryll?
Uh, that, uh,
truck you're renting--
does it have a lift?
WOMAN (over TV):
The execution-style murders
occurred over 72 hours ago,
and still no suspects
have been arrested.
The LAPD have been tight-lipped
as to who they are
investigating.
Mr. Brown, any comments, sir?
This is a tragedy.
The loss of two great talents.
We got to do something in this
country about gun violence.
All right, let's go.
MAN:
That was Cookie Brown,
clearly distraught in the wake
of these horrific events.
And while little is known
about the night in question,
the friends and family
of these two talented artists
have found refuge...
How you doing,
sweetheart?
Okay, Daddy.
Not going to school today?
I didn't feel like it today.
All right.
I found this
in Conor's sock drawer.
In case you're interested.
We need to talk.
WOMAN (over TV): ...music
we will now miss out on.
The YouTube sensation,
Marvin Gaye Washington,
hadn't yet even released
his first album.
That's for you.
What is this?
What does ABC
stand for?
Abby, Bridget, Conor.
It's a property
in Malibu.
You should hang on to it
as long as you can.
If you need the money, sell it.
Why would I suddenly
need money?
Where you going, Ray?
Maybe prison.
Why?
What did you do?
Goddamn it.
Is it that priest?
The one in the gym?
No.
Will you fucking tell me?
There's a woman.
When isn't there a woman?
She's a reporter.
She's gonna publish
an article that says
I brought Sully Sullivan
out here.
And I paid him to kill Mickey.
Can't you stop her?
I could.
But I won't.
I don't want this.
Like Trousdale.
Like everything.
You think you can buy me off.
I'm trying to take care
of you and the kids.
By killing their
grandfather?
Don't worry about us, Ray;
we're taken care of.
You think I'm gonna let that
cop take care of my family?
At least he's trying.
He can take care of you
while I'm away.
He can fuck you in my bed,
for all I care.
Dad!
But while I'm here...
he's gonna stay away
from my family.
It's fine, Conor.
Go to your room.
You buying pot now?
Grandpa Mick gave them to me.
I knew you'd be mad.
Of course I'm mad.
He's giving you
fucking drugs, Con.
He wanted to apologize.
For what?
He feels real bad
about what happened.
He really cares about us.
He's a really good guy;
he gave me a car.
All you give me is clothes
I don't even fucking like.
Watch your fucking mouth.
He's a hero for the FBI,
and you won't let him
tell anybody.
(scoffs)
It's time to grow up, Con.
I need you to be here.
For your mom and your sister.
What are you talking about?
Just stay away from Mick.
He loves us.
Yeah? He loves you so m...
Just shut up, Dad!
Just shut up.
What'd you do to him?
Frank, clean out your desk.
You're finished.
Why? I did everything
you told me to do.
Because I'm tying up
loose ends.
What do you mean, "loose ends"?
Early retirement, full pension,
benefits for life,
but you need to leave
the building now.
This is a sad day
for the Bureau.
Yesterday, we lost one
of our own--
Special Agent Thomas Volcheck.
He was suffering
from a serious depression,
one that he could not overcome.
We tried to get him help,
but our efforts were,
sadly, too late.
Agent Volcheck was our best
and brightest.
And our hearts go out
to his lovely widow Megan.
This tragedy is proof
that mental illness
does not discriminate.
DONNA:
Tommy wasn't depressed.
He was... just...
a sweet boy.
(crying):
A sweet boy.
(crying)
Thank you very much.
(reporters clamoring)
This is Catherine
Shaughnessy's dog--
Baby.
What?
Sully's girlfriend, Catherine.
Where is she?
How the fuck should I know?
Get off my boat.
She came out here with Sully,
didn't she?
Is she in witness protection?
Is she dead?
Did you kill her, Frank?
No.
Sully did.
Why?
How the fuck do I know?
He was a psycho.
Who killed Sully Sullivan?
Mickey Donovan.
Now, get off
my fucking boat.
Ray, I need to see you.
And don't fucking ignore me.
It's important.
Please.
COCHRAN: Kate McPherson's
back in L.A.
The little charade
that you and Ray arranged
obviously didn't work.
She's still
asking questions.
And any question
that leads back to me
will eventually lead to you;
you understand that, don't you?
Completely.
Woman has to
be stopped.
I agree.
But why are you coming to me?
You're a powerful man.
You ought to be able
to do something.
Ray's got my hands tied.
How?
He caught me
in a compromising position.
Ray's clever.
You're the only person
in the world that he listens to.
Yes, I am.
I'm his father, in a way,
the one that cares about him.
I'll set him straight.
Ezra,
thank you for being
a reasonable man.
You understand
that Ray can't know
that I'm connected to anything
that might happen.
He won't.
And I look forward to having
a very powerful friend
in Washington.
Of course, Ezra.
You will.
(door closes)
Hi, Grandpa.
Oh.
What the fuck are you
doing here, Conor?
Well, Mom found the joints
and I think Dad's
going away somewhere.
What do you want me
to do about it?
I just thought...
I'm pretty goddamn
disappointed in you, Conor.
You don't just
show up here.
You said to
come anytime.
Well, this ain't
the time.
Dad's right--
you are an asshole.
You ain't going nowhere.
I got business
to do tonight,
and you're gonna sit tight till
I get back, you understand?
Don't be upset.
I lost my temper.
Sit down.
You all right?
Yeah, Grandpa,
I'm fine.
All right, good.
Listen.
I got business
to take care of.
I need you to help me
out and stay here.
You do that for me,
I'll tell you all about
it when I get back.
You gonna rob someplace,
Grandpa?
Relax. Sit back.
Put your feet up.
There's magazines
under the bed.
You get bored,
knock on the door
directly across the hall.
You nervous?
No.
Yeah, well, I am.
Well, what are you doing here?
Mick needs me.
Mickey's robbed a lot of banks.
That was a long time ago.
Yeah, well, that scam he pulled
with you in Mexico--
it worked, didn't it?
(ringtone playing)
Hello?
What am I paying you for?
To keep an eye on your father.
He gave my kid drugs.
I want him off the street, now.
That wasn't the deal.
I don't fucking care.
You get it done,
you understand me?
Look, I'll try to get
some shit on him,
but he's been behaving himself.
He goes to work, comes home.
Figure it out, asshole.
Or I call your boss
and tell him you're on the take.
Who were you
talking to?
My wife.
Raymond, do you know about the
Jewish principle of the rodef?
No, I don't.
The rodef is someone
who's pursuing another,
trying to destroy them.
They must be
warned to stop.
But if the rodef fails
to heed that warning,
then according to Jewish law,
the rodef should be killed.
I don't have time for this.
Kate's the rodef,
Raymond.
She's trying to destroy us.
Everything you and I
have built.
She's been warned.
She has to be stopped.
Listen to me, Ezra.
Your precious RGOCC.
What about it?
There's a body
buried there.
Catholic priest.
You... buried a Catholic priest
at a Jewish hospital?
Ruth's hospital?
Ah! A Shanda!
You cursed me, Raymond.
You cursed Ruth's legacy.
Anything happens
to Kate McPherson,
that body comes up.
(cell phone vibrating)
Yeah, Lena?
I just got a call from my plant
at Stalkerazzi; you were right.
Somebody's got a video
of the Re-Kon shooting.
So Marty's gonna set up
a meeting
with them for later today.
Good.
And, Ray...
Cookie Brown's waiting
for you at Pink's.
All right. Thanks.
DARIUS: Yo, Cook!
What you want?
I want the Rosie O'Donnell
with fries.
I got the video.
Ooh! My man!
Hey, let's go,
right now.
Got the million
dollars right here.
You can't go.
It's my money,
ain't it?
You can't be seen anywhere
near that video, Cookie.
Why not?
You think it's gonna
incriminate me? For what?
I'm just a
concerned citizen.
Hey, get Omar in
here; we going.
You're not going.
You told me
I work for you now.
Let me do my job.
You got to trust me,
Cookie.
Done.
But as soon as you get it,
you bring it straight to me.
Right.
You want something
to eat, Ray?
No, I'm good.
What are we following
this guy for?
(siren whoops)
The fuck you doing?
He ran a red light.
Who gives a shit?
What's wrong with you?
License, registration,
proof of insurance.
What the fuck going on?
You ran a red light.
(laughs)
What?
We didn't run
no goddamn red light.
License and registration.
You look real nervous.
You okay?
Shut the fuck up
and step out
of the car.
Jim, what are
you doing?
What I got to
step out for?
'Cause I'm a black man
riding in a $235,000 car?
You heard me.
Get the fuck out of the car.
DAVE:
Jim.
Can I speak to you?
Yeah, Jim.
Go talk to your partner.
Y'all figure
this shit out.
Get the fuck out of the car
like I just told you!
I'm not fucking
getting out of this car!
Hey, hey, yo!
Put your hands
where the man can see them.
Now, my brother,
you know this is
some bullshit.
You're good.
Get the fuck
out of here.
Yeah. I know we're good,
motherfucker.
What the fuck
was that?
Nothing.
You want to tell me
what's in your pocket?
What are you talking about?
I saw you reach in your pocket
when you pulled him over.
(cell phone vibrating)
AVI:
Abby's boyfriend
just pulled over Cookie Brown,
and then let him go.
Fuck.
Boss, Lena says
you're giving away property?
Signing deeds?
Not now, Avi.
What's going on?
You get a paycheck, don't you?
Just cash it, stop asking me
fucking questions.
Come on, let's go.
Come on.
You go, too. We're closing.
You sure, hon?
You know you liked it last time.
Not tonight.
I get married tomorrow.
I need sperm to be strong
for wedding night.
Besides, last time
you chafed me.
I never chafed nobody
in my fucking life.
Come on, let's go.
Come on, Boris.
If you're getting married
tomorrow night,
tonight's your
bachelor party.
Yeah?
I'll give you a discount.
(Boris panting, moaning)
(grunting, shouting in Russian)
Thanks for being here, Terry.
Means a lot to me.
I'm here 'cause
I got no choice.
And why'd you get Daryll
mixed up in this?
(door beeps, handle turns)
Son of bitch.
♪ ♪
Let's go.
What?
So where's the
fucking safe?
It was right here.
It's got to be
here somewhere.
Here it is.
I told you.
We got to lift that?
That's what you're here for.
What the fuck
took so long?!
Keep your fucking
voice down.
Daryll, grab the dolly.
Let's get this safe
the hell out of here.
Anyone comes along, flash
the badge. Get rid of them.
I know why I'm here.
You have a lot of crazy shit.
My dad made that
for me.
Was he at camp?
(chuckles)
No.
He was in Alcatraz
at the time.
Did he escape?
Nobody escapes The Rock, kid.
(knocking)
Here you go, Shorty.
There you are!
Where you been?
You supposed
to be here yesterday.
I'm almost out.
I know, I know.
Kid, could you bring
one of those over?
Sure.
Here, hook it
on for me.
(sighs)
Yeah, turn it
all the way up.
Ah, yeah.
That's the stuff.
(breathes deeply)
Are you sick?
I... inhaled a lot
of Agent Orange in Vietnam.
Are you gonna die?
Yeah, I think so.
What's going on with Marty?
Am I going over
there or not?
Nobody's shown up yet.
Fuck.
Check again.
They have someone
in your office.
I'm going home.
Should have stayed there.
You didn't
scare me off.
I have my story.
Congratulations.
Maybe you'll win
another Pulitzer.
You brought Sully
out here.
He killed
a lot of people.
Aren't you responsible for that?
I don't know, Kate.
I'm just fucking tired.
No, Ray, you're sick.
You need help.
What do you want?
I don't know.
Maybe I thought
you'd beg me not to do it.
I'm sorry, Ray.
What are you sorry for?
You're just doing
your job.
♪ ♪
TERRY:
One, two, three.
(grunting)
(straining):
Go, go, go, go, go, go!
All right.
We're going forward.
All right, all right.
It's all in the angle,
it's all in the angle.
I got to move here.
This is for you.
This is for Avi.
What is this, severance?
I'm out of a job?
No, I don't want...
I don't want this.
I don't want this. I just...
I want to keep working,
same as Avi.
Take it, Lena.
I don't know
what's going on with you.
But you won't tell me,
and you won't tell Avi.
So fuck you.
I don't need your money.
I'll be fine.
You'll be fine?
How many girlfriends
have you beaten up?
How many times
I had to bail you out?
Take the fucking money.
(phone ringing)
What?
Stalkerazzi.
It's on.
All right, thank you.
(TV playing quietly)
(laughs)
I got one for you.
How many Vietnam vets does it
take to screw in a lightbulb?
I don't know. How many?
You weren't there, man!
(both laugh)
Oh, I feel dizzy.
Why don't you go
lay down in Mick's bed.
I might have bed bugs, and
I don't want to get yelled at.
Okay.
One, two, three.
(muffled shouting)
Jesus fucking Christ.
Shh, shh.
BORIS: I'm locked
up in here!
In here!
Here.
Go shut him up.
Don't give me
no fucking orders.
BORIS:
I'm in here! Anyone! Help!
Fucking morons
are still here?
Shut your mouth.
Armored truck came this morning.
What?
You made big mistake.
Bullshit.
You do your pickups
on Thursdays.
We changed company.
They come early.
You're lying to me.
You will find out.
(curses in Russian)
(cell phone vibrating)
Yeah.
How much would it be
worth to you
if I could put
your father away tonight?
You tell me.
A hundred grand.
For that much,
it'd better stick.
I'm talking felony-- 20 years.
Do it.
Ray. I was just getting
ready to call you.
Sure you were.
Where's the
video, Marty?
I'm getting it, but...
But what?
Well, now they want
two million.
Now, Ray, look, I saw it.
It's worth it.
Where are they?
I'm not sure.
They're supposed to contact me
in the next 30 minutes.
You're a fucking liar, Marty.
Ray?
Don't start any shit
in my place of business.
Get ready
to call someone.
Troy, stand your ground.
You know what I did
to Chip, right?
Is he worth it?
Fuck you.
I want my $2,000.
He means $20,000.
How many copies of
this did you make?
We didn't make
any copies.
I didn't ask you.
I asked him.
None, I swear.
Come on, come on,
come on, come on, man.
What's taking
this dude so long?
MICKEY:
Relax, kid.
What'd you bring him in
for anyway, Mick?
He's not family.
What was I
supposed to do?
I still got this
ankle bracelet
on, don't I?
You're so worried about him,
go check.
Where is he?
Your friend?
He took the keys.
He fucked you.
What?
(laughs)
Son of a...
(panting)
MICKEY:
What's going on in there?
I'm locked in!
Where's Ronald?
He fucked us over!
Get the fuck out
of here, Mick!
(sirens approaching)
Get out of here.
Terry...
Terry.
(sirens approaching)
Drive.
Where's Terry?
Just drive, son.
(engine starts)
(two gunshots over phone)
(tires screech)
Daddy?
(cell phone vibrating)
Talk to me, Ray Donovan.
Did you get it?
Yeah.
Well, when am I gonna see it?
Right now.
Where can I meet you?
My house.
Half an hour.
I'll go get Shorty.
All right, hurry
the fuck up, Pop.
We got cops up our ass.
Be right back.
(oxygen hissing)
(sighs)
(gas hissing)
(alarm ringing)
(tires screeching)
Conor?
Conor!
CONOR:
Grandpa...
(grunts)
What the fuck?!
Con!
(sirens approaching)
(groans)
You all right?
Huh? You all right?
I think it's broken.
(panting)
Here.
Let's get you up.
(groans)
Let's get out of here.
Let's go, come on.
Jesus help me.
What the fuck happened?
(coughs)
I think Shorty blew.
Oh, damn, Shorty.
I think I killed him.
You didn't
kill no one.
Keep moving.
(phone ringing)
Con?
Dad?
I'm at Grandpa's.
What?
There was an explosion,
and I think I broke my arm.
Jesus Christ.
(tires screeching)
Stay there, Conor.
I'm coming.
Okay.
What'd he say?
He's coming?
He's on his way.
Thank you.
How is your mother?
She is good.
Good.
I'm worried about Ray.
Me, too.
You're a good
friend to him.
When he lets me.
Avi,
are you an observant Jew?
I try.
Have you ever heard of
the law of the rodef?
(sighs)
(ringing)
JIM:
Abby...
I couldn't do it.
(sighs)
(keypad beeping)
(indistinct chatter)
Right there.
Hey, Conor. What happened?
You okay?
It's probably just
a hairline fracture.
We need an X-ray
to be sure.
Where you taking him?
County.
Nah, he'll be there all night.
I'll take him
to Cedars myself.
Come on, Conor.
Well, at least
let me wrap it.
I'll go do it
in the ambulance.
Come with me.
Just... watch
your step over here.
Just hop on into
the ambulance there.
How fast do you think
he went?
It was instant.
I'm sorry.
MICKEY: Thank God
for that, anyway.
You almost killed
your grandson.
You happy now?
He's tougher than you think,
but we got bigger problems.
Terry needs some help.
The fuck are you
talking about?
He's gonna need a lawyer.
We pulled a little job.
Ray, you got to make sure
he keeps his mouth shut.
You dragged him
into your shit?
He begged me
to come in on it.
He begged me.
You're a
fucking liar.
Where is he?
Cops probably
got him by now.
You need to hook him up
with Ezra; it's serious.
Armed robbery.
(officers shouting)
I'll fucking kill you!
You hear me?!
Get off!
I'll fucking kill you!
Get off him!
Thank you, Officer.
I'm all right.
Hey.
You need to
fucking calm down.
Sorry.
You hear me?
Yeah.
Don't fucking move.
I'll fucking kill you!
You hear me?!
Don't fucking
go near him again!
Get him the fuck away from me!
(grunts) No!
Please, you don't understand.
I got to
take care of my kid!
Oh, fuck.
Conor!
It's all right.
Just go with them.
It's all right, Con.
It's all right.
(phone vibrating)
Fuck.
I'm here waiting, motherfucker.
Where are you?
I need to see that video, Ray.
I'm his grandfather.
I'll take care of it.
OFFICER:
You okay?
Yeah.
Get him out of here.
(engine starts)
(siren whoops)
♪ The angels
must have sent you ♪
♪ And they meant you ♪
♪ Just for me... ♪
New tune, isn't it?
I beg your pardon?
It's a new tune.
WOMAN:
Oh, I didn't hear you.
Yes, it just came in.
MAN:
Would be nice to dance to.
WOMAN:
It is.
MAN:
What's on the other side?
WOMAN:
Well, it's another new one.
MAN: Would you mind
playing it for me?
WOMAN:
No. This way...
♪ You were meant for me ♪
♪ I was meant for you ♪
♪ You're like
a plaintive melody ♪
♪ That never lets me free ♪
♪ For I'm content ♪
♪ The angels
must have sent you ♪
♪ And they meant you ♪
♪ Just for me ♪
♪ And I'm content ♪
♪ The angels
must have sent you ♪
♪ And they meant you ♪
♪ Just for me ♪
♪ You were meant for me ♪
♪ I was meant for you ♪
♪ For I'm content ♪
♪ The angels
must have sent you ♪
♪ And they meant you ♪
♪ Just for me ♪
♪ And I'm content ♪
♪ The angels
must have sent you ♪
♪ And they meant you ♪
♪ Just for me. ♪